update README.MD, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm <span style="color:#6C63FF;">Jahin Tasnia</span></h1>

<p align="center">
  💡 <b>MLOps Engineer • Competitive Programmar </b><br>
  📍 Dhaka, Bangladesh &nbsp;|&nbsp; 
</p>

---

## 🧠 About Me

I’m a passionate **MLOps Engineer** focused on building **agentic systems**, **machine learning pipelines**, and **intelligent applications** that bridge research and real-world impact.  
My current interests lie in **LangGraph**, **Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)** pipelines, and **LLM-based automation**, with a strong emphasis on system reliability, scalability, and explainability.

Beyond AI systems, I have a solid foundation in **competitive programming** and **full-stack development**, which allows me to design solutions that are both **algorithmically efficient** and **production-ready**.  
I enjoy integrating **backend engineering**, **cloud orchestration**, and **model deployment pipelines** into cohesive, automated MLOps workflows.

With a strong academic background and hands-on experience across diverse domains,  
I aim to push the boundaries of **explainable**, **trustworthy**, and **scalable** AI — one system at a time.

---

## 💼 Current Roles

- **MLOps Engineer**
  ▪️ Designing multi-agent knowledge workflows using **LangGraph**  
  ▪️ Building reproducible **RAG pipelines** for enterprise and research applications  

---

## 🎓 Academic Background

🎓 **B.Sc. in Computer Science & Engineering** — *Ongoing*  
🏫 *[Daffodil International University]*  
📅 *January 2022 – December 2025 

---

## 🏅 Achievements

🥇 **Champion** — *DIU Intra University IoT Fest 2023*  
🤖 **Finalist** — *Business and System Innovation Challenge 2023*  
💻 **9th Place (Individual)** — *Unlock the Algorithm Programming Contest 2024*  
🧩 **4th Place (Team Bug_Hunter)** — *Programmer’s Proving Ground 2023*  
👩‍💻 **Finalist** — *National Girls’ Programming Contest 2022*  
🚀 **32nd Place (Individual)** — *Take-off Programming Contest 2022*

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| **Category** | **Tools & Frameworks** |
|---------------|------------------------|
| **Languages** | Python, C/C++, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript, PHP, MySQL, Bash |
| **AI/ML** | LangGraph, LangChain, PyTorch, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, RAG, LLMs, OpenAI APIs |
| **MLOps & Cloud** | Docker, FastAPI, Celery, Weaviate, FAISS, Milvus, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, AWS, GCP |
| **Data & Geo** | Pandas, Polars, NumPy, RasterIO, ArcGIS Pro, QGIS |
| **Tools** | Git, GitHub, VS Code, Jupyter, Tableau, LaTeX |

---

## 🤝 Open Source Contribution

💬 Always open to collaborations on:  
- 🧩 Agentic frameworks and intelligent retrieval systems  
- 🧠 Evaluation and interpretability in RAG pipelines  
- 🌍 ML for geospatial, public health, and environmental research  

---

## 📫 Let’s Connect!

📧 **Email:** [jahintasnia15@gmail.com](mailto:jahintasnia15@gmail.com)  
💼 **LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/jahin-tasnia/](#)  
💻 **GitHub:** [github.com/jahin-tasnia](https://github.com/jahin-tasnia)  

---

Commit message:

Update 'About Me' section in README
Revised the 'About Me' section to enhance clarity and coherence, while maintaining focus on MLOps and related interests.

update README.MD, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm <span style="color:#6C63FF;">Jahin Tasnia</span></h1>

<p align="center">
  💡 <b>MLOps Engineer • Competitive Programmar </b><br>
  📍 Dhaka, Bangladesh &nbsp;|&nbsp; 
</p>

---

## 🧠 About Me

I’m an enthusiastic MLOps Engineer dedicated to designing agentic systems, machine learning workflows, and intelligent applications that connect cutting-edge research with practical implementation.
My current focus areas include LangGraph, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) architectures, and LLM-driven automation, emphasizing robustness, scalability, and interpretability across every layer of deployment.
Beyond AI systems, I have a solid foundation in **competitive programming** and **full-stack development**, which allows me to design solutions that are both **algorithmically efficient** and **production-ready**. I enjoy integrating **backend engineering**, **cloud orchestration**, and **model deployment pipelines** into cohesive, automated MLOps workflows.
With a strong academic background and hands-on experience across diverse domains, I aim to push the boundaries of **explainable**, **trustworthy**, and **scalable** AI — one system at a time.

---

## 💼 Current Roles

- **MLOps Engineer** @ **Deep Data Labs** &nbsp
  ▪️ Designing multi-agent knowledge workflows using **LangGraph**  
  ▪️ Building reproducible **RAG pipelines** for enterprise and research applications  

---

## 🎓 Academic Background

🎓 **B.Sc. in Computer Science & Engineering** — *Ongoing*  
🏫 *[Daffodil International University]*  
📅 *January 2022 – December 2025 

---

## 🏅 Achievements

🥇 **Champion** — *DIU Intra University IoT Fest 2023*  
🤖 **Finalist** — *Business and System Innovation Challenge 2023*  
💻 **9th Place (Individual)** — *Unlock the Algorithm Programming Contest 2024*  
🧩 **4th Place (Team Bug_Hunter)** — *Programmer’s Proving Ground 2023*  
👩‍💻 **Finalist** — *National Girls’ Programming Contest 2022*  
🚀 **32nd Place (Individual)** — *Take-off Programming Contest 2022*

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| **Category** | **Tools & Frameworks** |
|---------------|------------------------|
| **Languages** | Python, C/C++, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript, PHP, MySQL, Bash |
| **AI/ML** | LangGraph, LangChain, PyTorch, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, RAG, LLMs, OpenAI APIs |
| **MLOps & Cloud** | Docker, FastAPI, Celery, Weaviate, FAISS, Milvus, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, AWS, GCP |
| **Data & Geo** | Pandas, Polars, NumPy, RasterIO, ArcGIS Pro, QGIS |
| **Tools** | Git, GitHub, VS Code, Jupyter, Tableau, LaTeX |

---

## 🤝 Open Source Contribution

💬 Always open to collaborations on:  
- 🧩 Agentic frameworks and intelligent retrieval systems  
- 🧠 Evaluation and interpretability in RAG pipelines  
- 🌍 ML for geospatial, public health, and environmental research  

---

## 📫 Let’s Connect!

📧 **Email:** [jahintasnia15@gmail.com](mailto:jahintasnia15@gmail.com)  
💼 **LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/jahin-tasnia/](#)  
💻 **GitHub:** [github.com/jahin-tasnia](https://github.com/jahin-tasnia)  

---
